>> Jen Kramer: All right, so let's go
on and apply this to a real web page.
Before we leave here, I'm just gonna
grab this little bit of code right here.
>> Jen Kramer: These lines 8
to 13 here on the CodePen, so
we don't have to retype them, okay?
Cuz this is, this is the good part.
This is the fireworks for the day, okay?
Copy that little bit of code.
It's gonna come in handy, and
then we're gonna go on to chapter five.
>> Jen Kramer: So here in chapter five,
>> Jen Kramer: In your Begin folder I'm
gonna go ahead and
open up my index.html, and
then in the CSS,
we're gonna open up layouts.css.
You can ignore the other files.
You can ignore styles and the navigation.
We're not gonna deal with those.
I'm gonna turn on my word wrap here.
>> Jen Kramer: Okay, so all I've got going
on over here in my CSS to start with is
simply, so I'm gonna start floating
my images when I get to 740 pixels.
Prior to that, I've got a default style.
It's actually in styles.css,
which centers the image and
declares it as a block kind of layout,
okay?
So these are the media queries
we're gonna work with.
I've just sort of outlined them for
you, so now we're ready to go ahead and
start thinking about how we're going
to apply this to this webpage.
>> Jen Kramer: Okay, so before I lose
it I'm gonna go ahead and paste in that
little bit of code that I copied from
the code panel, just to keep track of it.
But to get started here,
>> Jen Kramer: Let's go back and
revisit what's going on with these images.
So what we've got here,
we have a four-column layout here.
We have our header.
We have our nav bar.
We've already actually done all this
styling in associated with that,
with the media queries.
So we're just focused on this last bit
of appearance down here at the bottom,
these four columns that we
have going on here, right?
Okay, so it's gonna go from this where
we've got four columns next to each other.
It's gonna go to, and by the way,
notice that those columns
aren't all the same width.
Ooh, right?
We have skinny columns and
we have fat columns, don't we?
>> Jen Kramer: Okay,
so just file that away.
That's a thing that we
have to think about.
You know these designer people.
Okay, when we go to our large layout,
we just took column number three and
moved it to the bottom.
We didn't move column number four.
That would be easy.
We moved column number three to
the bottom, and what else did we do to it?
We made it go horizontal didn't we?
So we have a couple of things we
gotta do here for this layout, okay.
Then when we go to our medium layout,
we're pulling down columns three and
four, stacking them on top of each other,
and then for the very last part everything
will stack on top of each other.
This is what we have now.
This is already done yeah?
>> Jen Kramer: If you open up your page
right now, this already works, but
we need to work on coding this medium and
large layout.
So, let me go back to this
extra-large look here.
One of the things that you might have
noticed is that some of these columns
are wider and some are a little narrower,
and I'm gonna give you another hint.
Our designer told us this
is a 16-column layout.
That's a good thing to know, right?
Thank you designer person.
Tanner, in the back, yay.